README.md, before:

# Sequoia - The Research Tree

A Playground for research at the intersection of Continual, Reinforcement, and Self-Supervised Learning.

## Motivation:
Most applied ML research generally either proposes new Settings (research problems), new Methods (solutions to such problems), or both.

- When proposing new Settings, researchers almost always have to reimplement or heavily modify existing solutions before they can be applied onto their new problem.

- Likewise, when creating new Methods, it's often necessary to first re-create the experimental setting of other baseline papers, or even the baseline methods themselves, as experimental conditions may be *slightly* different between papers!

The goal of this repo is to:

- Organize various research Settings into an inheritance hierarchy (a tree!), with more *general*, challenging settings with few assumptions at the top, and more constrained problems at the bottom.

- Provide a mechanism for easily reusing existing solutions (Methods) onto new Settings through **Polymorphism**!

- Allow researchers to easily create new, general Methods and quickly gather results on a multitude of Settings, ranging from Supervised to Reinforcement Learning!


## Installation
Requires python >= 3.7

```console
git clone https://www.github.com/lebrice/Sequoia.git
cd Sequoia
pip install -e .
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Getting Started


**First, take a look at the [Examples folder](/examples)**


### Running experiments

- Directly in code:
	```python
	from sequoia.settings import TaskIncrementalSetting
	from sequoia.methods import BaselineMethod
	setting = TaskIncrementalSetting(dataset="mnist")
	method = BaselineMethod()

	results = setting.apply(method)
	print(results)
	```

- (from the command-line)
	```console
	sequoia --setting <some_setting> --method <some_method>  (arguments)
	```
	For example:
	```console
	sequoia --setting incremental_rl --method ppo --steps_per_task 10_000
	```
	```console
	sequoia --setting class_incremental --dataset cifar100 --method baseline
	```


- Running multiple experiments:

	If you leave out the `--method` argument above, the experiment will compare the results of all the methods applicable to the chosen Setting.

	Likewise, if you leave the `--setting` option unset, the experiment will evaluate the performance of the selected method on all its applicable settings (WIP: and a table will be shown).

### Adding a new Method:

#### Prerequisites:

- First, please take a look at the [examples folder](examples/)

#### Steps:

1. Choose a target setting from the tree (See the "Available Settings" section below).

2. Create a new subclass of [`Method`](settings/base/bases.py), with the chosen target setting.

    Your class should implement the following methods:
    - `fit(train_env, valid_env)`
    - `get_actions(observations, action_space) -> Actions`
    
    The following methods are optional, but can be very useful to help customize how your method is used at train/test time:
    - `configure(setting: Setting)`
    - `on_task_switch(task_id: Optional[int])`
    - `test(test_env)`

    ```python
    class MyNewMethod(Method, target_setting=ClassIncrementalSetting):
        ... # Your code here.

        def fit(self, train_env: DataLoader, valid_env: DataLoader):
            # Train your model however you want here.
            self.trainer.fit(
                self.model,
                train_dataloader=train_env,
                val_dataloaders=valid_env,
            )
        
        def get_actions(self,
                        observations: Observations,
                        observation_space: gym.Space) -> Actions:
            # Return an "Action" (prediction) for the given observations.
            # Each Setting has its own Observations, Actions and Rewards types,
            # which are based on those of their parents.
            return self.model.predict(observations.x)

        def on_task_switch(self, task_id: Optional[int]):
            #This method gets called if task boundaries are known in the current
            #setting. Furthermore, if task labels are available, task_id will be
            # the index of the new task. If not, task_id will be None.
            # For example, you could do something like this:
            self.model.current_output_head = self.model.output_heads[task_id]
    ```

3. Running / Debugging your method:
 
    (at the bottom of your script, for example)

    ```python
    if __name__ == "__main__":
        ## 1. Create the setting you want to apply your method on.
        # First option: Create the Setting directly in code:
        setting = ClassIncrementalSetting(dataset="cifar10", nb_tasks=5)
        # Second option: Create the Setting from the command-line:
        setting = ClassIncrementalSetting.from_args()
        
        ## 2. Create your Method, however you want.
        my_method = MyNewMethod()

        ## 3. Apply your method on the setting to obtain results.
        results = setting.apply(my_method)
        # Optionally, display the results.
        print(results.summary())
        results.make_plots()
    ```

4. (WIP): Adding your new method to the tree:

    - Place the script/package that defines your Method inside of the `methods` folder.

    - Add the `@register_method` decorator to your Method definition, for example:

        ```python
        from sequoia.methods import register_method

        @register_method
        class MyNewMethod(Method, target_setting=ClassIncrementalSetting):
            name: ClassVar[str] = "my_new_method"
            ...
        ```

    - To launch an experiment using your method, run the following command:

        ```console
        python main.py --setting <some_setting_name> --method my_new_method
        ```
        To customize how your method gets created from the command-line, override the two following class methods:
        - `add_argparse_args(cls, parser: ArgumentParser)`
        - `from_argparse_args(cls, args: Namespace) -> Method`

    - Create a `<your_method_script_name>_test.py` file next to your method script. In it, write unit tests for every module/component used in your Method. Have them be easy to read so people can ideally understand how the components of your Method work by simply reading the tests.

        - (WIP) To run the unittests locally, use the following command: `pytest methods/my_new_method_test.py`

    - Then, write a functional test that demonstrates how your new method should behave, and what kind of results it expects to produce. The easiest way to do this is to implement a `validate_results(setting: Setting, results: Results)` method.
        - (WIP) To debug/run the "integration tests" locally, use the following command: `pytest -x methods/my_new_method_test.py --slow`

    - Create a Pull Request, and you're good to go!


### Current Settings & Assumptions:

| Setting | Active/Passive? | clear task boundaries? | task labels at train time | task labels at test time | # of tasks ? |
| -----   | --------------  | ---------------------- | ------------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------ |
| [ContinualRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/continual_rl_setting.py) | Active | no | no | no | 1* |
| [IncrementalRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/incremental/incremental_rl_setting.py) | Active | **yes** | **yes** | no | ≥1 |
| [TaskIncrementalRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/incremental/task_incremental/task_incremental_rl_setting.py) | Active | **yes** | **yes** | **yes** | ≥1 |
| [RLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/incremental/task_incremental/stationary/iid_rl_setting.py) | Active | **yes** | **yes** | **yes** | **1** |
| [ClassIncrementalSetting](sequoia/settings/passive/cl/class_incremental_setting.py) | Passive | **yes** | **yes** | no | ≥1 |
| [TaskIncrementalSetting](sequoia/settings/passive/cl/task_incremental/task_incremental_setting.py) | Passive | **yes** | **yes** | **yes** | ≥1 |
| [IIDSetting](sequoia/settings/passive/cl/task_incremental/iid/iid_setting.py) | Passive | **yes** | **yes** | **yes** | **1** |

#### Notes

- **Active / Passive**:
	Active settings are Settings where the next observation depends on the current action, i.e. where actions influence future observations, e.g. Reinforcement Learning.
	Passive settings are Settings where the current actions don't influence the next observations (e.g. Supervised Learning.)

- **Bold entries** in the table mark constant attributes which cannot be
   changed from their default value.

- \*: The environment is changing constantly over time in `ContinualRLSetting`, so
    there aren't really "tasks" to speak of.


### (WIP) Adding a new Setting:

Prerequisites:

- Take a quick look at the `dataclasses` example
- Take a quick look at [simple_parsing](https://github.com/lebrice/SimpleParsing) (A python package I've created) which we use to generate the command-line arguments for the Settings.




<!-- MAKETREE -->




## Available Settings:


- ## [Setting](sequoia/settings/base/setting.py)

	Base class for all research settings in ML: Root node of the tree. 

	A 'setting' is loosely defined here as a learning problem with a specific
	set of assumptions, restrictions, and an evaluation procedure.

	For example, Reinforcement Learning is a type of Setting in which we assume
	that an Agent is able to observe an environment, take actions upon it, and 
	receive rewards back from the environment. Some of the assumptions include
	that the reward is dependant on the action taken, and that the actions have
	an impact on the environment's state (and on the next observations the agent
	will receive). The evaluation procedure consists in trying to maximize the
	reward obtained from an environment over a given number of steps.

	This 'Setting' class should ideally represent the most general learning
	problem imaginable, with almost no assumptions about the data or evaluation
	procedure.

	This is a dataclass. Its attributes are can also be used as command-line
	arguments using `simple_parsing`.


	- ## [IncrementalSetting](sequoia/settings/assumptions/incremental.py)

		Mixin that defines methods that are common to all 'incremental'
		settings, where the data is separated into tasks, and where you may not
		always get the task labels.

		Concretely, this holds the train and test loops that are common to the
		ClassIncrementalSetting (highest node on the Passive side) and ContinualRL
		(highest node on the Active side), therefore this setting, while abstract,
		is quite important. 



	- ## [PassiveSetting](sequoia/settings/passive/passive_setting.py)

		Setting where actions have no influence on future observations. 

		For example, supervised learning is a Passive setting, since predicting a
		label has no effect on the reward you're given (the label) or on the next
		samples you observe.


		- ## [ClassIncrementalSetting](sequoia/settings/passive/cl/class_incremental_setting.py)

			Supervised Setting where the data is a sequence of 'tasks'.

			This class is basically is the supervised version of an Incremental Setting


			The current task can be set at the `current_task_id` attribute.


			- ## [TaskIncrementalSetting](sequoia/settings/passive/cl/task_incremental/task_incremental_setting.py)

				Setting where data arrives in a series of Tasks, and where the task
				labels are always available (both train and test time).


				- ## [IIDSetting](sequoia/settings/passive/cl/task_incremental/iid/iid_setting.py)

					Your 'usual' learning Setting, where the samples are i.i.d.

					Implemented as a variant of Task-Incremental CL, but with only one task.



	- ## [ActiveSetting](sequoia/settings/active/active_setting.py)

		LightningDataModule for an 'active' setting.

		This is to be the parent of settings like RL or maybe Active Learning.


		- ## [ContinualRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/continual_rl_setting.py)

			Reinforcement Learning Setting where the environment changes over time.

			This is an Active setting which uses gym environments as sources of data.
			These environments' attributes could change over time following a task
			schedule. An example of this could be that the gravity increases over time
			in cartpole, making the task progressively harder as the agent interacts with
			the environment.


			- ## [IncrementalRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/incremental/incremental_rl_setting.py)

				Continual RL setting the data is divided into 'tasks' with clear boundaries.

				By default, the task labels are given at train time, but not at test time.

				TODO: Decide how to implement the train procedure, if we give a single
				dataloader, we might need to call the agent's `on_task_switch` when we reach
				the task boundary.. Or, we could produce one dataloader per task, and then
				implement a custom `fit` procedure in the CLTrainer class, that loops over
				the tasks and calls the `on_task_switch` when needed.


				- ## [TaskIncrementalRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/incremental/task_incremental/task_incremental_rl_setting.py)

					Continual RL setting with clear task boundaries and task labels.

					The task labels are given at both train and test time.


					- ## [RLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/incremental/task_incremental/stationary/iid_rl_setting.py)

						Your usual "Classical" Reinforcement Learning setting.

						Implemented as a TaskIncrementalRLSetting, but with a single task.




## Registered Methods (so far):

- ## [BaselineMethod](sequoia/methods/baseline_method.py) 

	 - Target setting: [Setting](sequoia/settings/base/setting.py)

	Versatile Baseline method which targets all settings.

	Uses pytorch-lightning's Trainer for training and LightningModule as model. 

	Uses a [BaselineModel](methods/models/baseline_model/baseline_model.py), which
	can be used for:
	- Self-Supervised training with modular auxiliary tasks;
	- Semi-Supervised training on partially labeled batches;
	- Multi-Head prediction (e.g. in task-incremental scenario);

- ## [RandomBaselineMethod](sequoia/methods/random_baseline.py) 

	 - Target setting: [Setting](sequoia/settings/base/setting.py)

	Baseline method that gives random predictions for any given setting.

	This method doesn't have a model or any parameters. It just returns a random
	action for every observation.

- ## [EWC](sequoia/methods/ewc_method.py) 

	 - Target setting: [IncrementalSetting](sequoia/settings/assumptions/incremental.py)

	Minimal example of a Method targetting the Class-Incremental CL setting.

	For a quick intro to dataclasses, see examples/dataclasses_example.py    

- ## [DQNMethod](sequoia/methods/stable_baselines3_methods/dqn.py) 

	 - Target setting: [ContinualRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/continual_rl_setting.py)

	Method that uses a DQN model from the stable-baselines3 package. 

- ## [A2CMethod](sequoia/methods/stable_baselines3_methods/a2c.py) 

	 - Target setting: [ContinualRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/continual_rl_setting.py)

	Method that uses the DDPG model from stable-baselines3. 

- ## [DDPGMethod](sequoia/methods/stable_baselines3_methods/ddpg.py) 

	 - Target setting: [ContinualRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/continual_rl_setting.py)

	Method that uses the DDPG model from stable-baselines3. 

- ## [TD3Method](sequoia/methods/stable_baselines3_methods/td3.py) 

	 - Target setting: [ContinualRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/continual_rl_setting.py)

	Method that uses the TD3 model from stable-baselines3. 

- ## [SACMethod](sequoia/methods/stable_baselines3_methods/sac.py) 

	 - Target setting: [ContinualRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/continual_rl_setting.py)

	Method that uses the SAC model from stable-baselines3. 

- ## [PPOMethod](sequoia/methods/stable_baselines3_methods/ppo.py) 

	 - Target setting: [ContinualRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/continual_rl_setting.py)

	Method that uses the PPO model from stable-baselines3. 

- ## [ExperienceReplayMethod](sequoia/methods/experience_replay.py) 

	 - Target setting: [ClassIncrementalSetting](sequoia/settings/passive/cl/class_incremental_setting.py)

	Simple method that uses a replay buffer to reduce forgetting.

Commit message:

bugfixes for mac (#68)
* bugfixes for mac

* Revert formatting change, remove line from readme

Signed-off-by: Fabrice Normandin <fabrice.normandin@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: Fabrice Normandin <fabrice.normandin@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Sequoia - The Research Tree

A Playground for research at the intersection of Continual, Reinforcement, and Self-Supervised Learning.

## Motivation:
Most applied ML research generally either proposes new Settings (research problems), new Methods (solutions to such problems), or both.

- When proposing new Settings, researchers almost always have to reimplement or heavily modify existing solutions before they can be applied onto their new problem.

- Likewise, when creating new Methods, it's often necessary to first re-create the experimental setting of other baseline papers, or even the baseline methods themselves, as experimental conditions may be *slightly* different between papers!

The goal of this repo is to:

- Organize various research Settings into an inheritance hierarchy (a tree!), with more *general*, challenging settings with few assumptions at the top, and more constrained problems at the bottom.

- Provide a mechanism for easily reusing existing solutions (Methods) onto new Settings through **Polymorphism**!

- Allow researchers to easily create new, general Methods and quickly gather results on a multitude of Settings, ranging from Supervised to Reinforcement Learning!


## Installation
Requires python >= 3.7

```console
git clone https://www.github.com/lebrice/Sequoia.git
cd Sequoia
pip install -e .
```

### Additional Installation Steps for Mac

Install the latest XQuartz app from here: https://www.xquartz.org/releases/index.html

Then run the following commands on the terminal:

```console
mkdir /tmp/.X11-unix 
sudo chmod 1777 /tmp/.X11-unix 
sudo chown root /tmp/.X11-unix/
```

## Getting Started


**First, take a look at the [Examples folder](/examples)**


### Running experiments

- Directly in code:
	```python
	from sequoia.settings import TaskIncrementalSetting
	from sequoia.methods import BaselineMethod
	setting = TaskIncrementalSetting(dataset="mnist")
	method = BaselineMethod()

	results = setting.apply(method)
	print(results)
	```

- (from the command-line)
	```console
	sequoia --setting <some_setting> --method <some_method>  (arguments)
	```
	For example:
	```console
	sequoia --setting incremental_rl --method ppo --steps_per_task 10_000
	```
	```console
	sequoia --setting class_incremental --dataset cifar100 --method baseline
	```


- Running multiple experiments:

	If you leave out the `--method` argument above, the experiment will compare the results of all the methods applicable to the chosen Setting.

	Likewise, if you leave the `--setting` option unset, the experiment will evaluate the performance of the selected method on all its applicable settings (WIP: and a table will be shown).

### Adding a new Method:

#### Prerequisites:

- First, please take a look at the [examples folder](examples/)

#### Steps:

1. Choose a target setting from the tree (See the "Available Settings" section below).

2. Create a new subclass of [`Method`](settings/base/bases.py), with the chosen target setting.

    Your class should implement the following methods:
    - `fit(train_env, valid_env)`
    - `get_actions(observations, action_space) -> Actions`
    
    The following methods are optional, but can be very useful to help customize how your method is used at train/test time:
    - `configure(setting: Setting)`
    - `on_task_switch(task_id: Optional[int])`
    - `test(test_env)`

    ```python
    class MyNewMethod(Method, target_setting=ClassIncrementalSetting):
        ... # Your code here.

        def fit(self, train_env: DataLoader, valid_env: DataLoader):
            # Train your model however you want here.
            self.trainer.fit(
                self.model,
                train_dataloader=train_env,
                val_dataloaders=valid_env,
            )
        
        def get_actions(self,
                        observations: Observations,
                        observation_space: gym.Space) -> Actions:
            # Return an "Action" (prediction) for the given observations.
            # Each Setting has its own Observations, Actions and Rewards types,
            # which are based on those of their parents.
            return self.model.predict(observations.x)

        def on_task_switch(self, task_id: Optional[int]):
            #This method gets called if task boundaries are known in the current
            #setting. Furthermore, if task labels are available, task_id will be
            # the index of the new task. If not, task_id will be None.
            # For example, you could do something like this:
            self.model.current_output_head = self.model.output_heads[task_id]
    ```

3. Running / Debugging your method:
 
    (at the bottom of your script, for example)

    ```python
    if __name__ == "__main__":
        ## 1. Create the setting you want to apply your method on.
        # First option: Create the Setting directly in code:
        setting = ClassIncrementalSetting(dataset="cifar10", nb_tasks=5)
        # Second option: Create the Setting from the command-line:
        setting = ClassIncrementalSetting.from_args()
        
        ## 2. Create your Method, however you want.
        my_method = MyNewMethod()

        ## 3. Apply your method on the setting to obtain results.
        results = setting.apply(my_method)
        # Optionally, display the results.
        print(results.summary())
        results.make_plots()
    ```

4. (WIP): Adding your new method to the tree:

    - Place the script/package that defines your Method inside of the `methods` folder.

    - Add the `@register_method` decorator to your Method definition, for example:

        ```python
        from sequoia.methods import register_method

        @register_method
        class MyNewMethod(Method, target_setting=ClassIncrementalSetting):
            name: ClassVar[str] = "my_new_method"
            ...
        ```

    - To launch an experiment using your method, run the following command:

        ```console
        python main.py --setting <some_setting_name> --method my_new_method
        ```
        To customize how your method gets created from the command-line, override the two following class methods:
        - `add_argparse_args(cls, parser: ArgumentParser)`
        - `from_argparse_args(cls, args: Namespace) -> Method`

    - Create a `<your_method_script_name>_test.py` file next to your method script. In it, write unit tests for every module/component used in your Method. Have them be easy to read so people can ideally understand how the components of your Method work by simply reading the tests.

        - (WIP) To run the unittests locally, use the following command: `pytest methods/my_new_method_test.py`

    - Then, write a functional test that demonstrates how your new method should behave, and what kind of results it expects to produce. The easiest way to do this is to implement a `validate_results(setting: Setting, results: Results)` method.
        - (WIP) To debug/run the "integration tests" locally, use the following command: `pytest -x methods/my_new_method_test.py --slow`

    - Create a Pull Request, and you're good to go!


### Current Settings & Assumptions:

| Setting | Active/Passive? | clear task boundaries? | task labels at train time | task labels at test time | # of tasks ? |
| -----   | --------------  | ---------------------- | ------------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------ |
| [ContinualRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/continual_rl_setting.py) | Active | no | no | no | 1* |
| [IncrementalRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/incremental/incremental_rl_setting.py) | Active | **yes** | **yes** | no | ≥1 |
| [TaskIncrementalRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/incremental/task_incremental/task_incremental_rl_setting.py) | Active | **yes** | **yes** | **yes** | ≥1 |
| [RLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/incremental/task_incremental/stationary/iid_rl_setting.py) | Active | **yes** | **yes** | **yes** | **1** |
| [ClassIncrementalSetting](sequoia/settings/passive/cl/class_incremental_setting.py) | Passive | **yes** | **yes** | no | ≥1 |
| [TaskIncrementalSetting](sequoia/settings/passive/cl/task_incremental/task_incremental_setting.py) | Passive | **yes** | **yes** | **yes** | ≥1 |
| [IIDSetting](sequoia/settings/passive/cl/task_incremental/iid/iid_setting.py) | Passive | **yes** | **yes** | **yes** | **1** |

#### Notes

- **Active / Passive**:
	Active settings are Settings where the next observation depends on the current action, i.e. where actions influence future observations, e.g. Reinforcement Learning.
	Passive settings are Settings where the current actions don't influence the next observations (e.g. Supervised Learning.)

- **Bold entries** in the table mark constant attributes which cannot be
   changed from their default value.

- \*: The environment is changing constantly over time in `ContinualRLSetting`, so
    there aren't really "tasks" to speak of.


### (WIP) Adding a new Setting:

Prerequisites:

- Take a quick look at the `dataclasses` example
- Take a quick look at [simple_parsing](https://github.com/lebrice/SimpleParsing) (A python package I've created) which we use to generate the command-line arguments for the Settings.




<!-- MAKETREE -->




## Available Settings:


- ## [Setting](sequoia/settings/base/setting.py)

	Base class for all research settings in ML: Root node of the tree. 

	A 'setting' is loosely defined here as a learning problem with a specific
	set of assumptions, restrictions, and an evaluation procedure.

	For example, Reinforcement Learning is a type of Setting in which we assume
	that an Agent is able to observe an environment, take actions upon it, and 
	receive rewards back from the environment. Some of the assumptions include
	that the reward is dependant on the action taken, and that the actions have
	an impact on the environment's state (and on the next observations the agent
	will receive). The evaluation procedure consists in trying to maximize the
	reward obtained from an environment over a given number of steps.

	This 'Setting' class should ideally represent the most general learning
	problem imaginable, with almost no assumptions about the data or evaluation
	procedure.

	This is a dataclass. Its attributes are can also be used as command-line
	arguments using `simple_parsing`.


	- ## [IncrementalSetting](sequoia/settings/assumptions/incremental.py)

		Mixin that defines methods that are common to all 'incremental'
		settings, where the data is separated into tasks, and where you may not
		always get the task labels.

		Concretely, this holds the train and test loops that are common to the
		ClassIncrementalSetting (highest node on the Passive side) and ContinualRL
		(highest node on the Active side), therefore this setting, while abstract,
		is quite important. 



	- ## [PassiveSetting](sequoia/settings/passive/passive_setting.py)

		Setting where actions have no influence on future observations. 

		For example, supervised learning is a Passive setting, since predicting a
		label has no effect on the reward you're given (the label) or on the next
		samples you observe.


		- ## [ClassIncrementalSetting](sequoia/settings/passive/cl/class_incremental_setting.py)

			Supervised Setting where the data is a sequence of 'tasks'.

			This class is basically is the supervised version of an Incremental Setting


			The current task can be set at the `current_task_id` attribute.


			- ## [TaskIncrementalSetting](sequoia/settings/passive/cl/task_incremental/task_incremental_setting.py)

				Setting where data arrives in a series of Tasks, and where the task
				labels are always available (both train and test time).


				- ## [IIDSetting](sequoia/settings/passive/cl/task_incremental/iid/iid_setting.py)

					Your 'usual' learning Setting, where the samples are i.i.d.

					Implemented as a variant of Task-Incremental CL, but with only one task.



	- ## [ActiveSetting](sequoia/settings/active/active_setting.py)

		LightningDataModule for an 'active' setting.

		This is to be the parent of settings like RL or maybe Active Learning.


		- ## [ContinualRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/continual_rl_setting.py)

			Reinforcement Learning Setting where the environment changes over time.

			This is an Active setting which uses gym environments as sources of data.
			These environments' attributes could change over time following a task
			schedule. An example of this could be that the gravity increases over time
			in cartpole, making the task progressively harder as the agent interacts with
			the environment.


			- ## [IncrementalRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/incremental/incremental_rl_setting.py)

				Continual RL setting the data is divided into 'tasks' with clear boundaries.

				By default, the task labels are given at train time, but not at test time.

				TODO: Decide how to implement the train procedure, if we give a single
				dataloader, we might need to call the agent's `on_task_switch` when we reach
				the task boundary.. Or, we could produce one dataloader per task, and then
				implement a custom `fit` procedure in the CLTrainer class, that loops over
				the tasks and calls the `on_task_switch` when needed.


				- ## [TaskIncrementalRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/incremental/task_incremental/task_incremental_rl_setting.py)

					Continual RL setting with clear task boundaries and task labels.

					The task labels are given at both train and test time.


					- ## [RLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/incremental/task_incremental/stationary/iid_rl_setting.py)

						Your usual "Classical" Reinforcement Learning setting.

						Implemented as a TaskIncrementalRLSetting, but with a single task.




## Registered Methods (so far):

- ## [BaselineMethod](sequoia/methods/baseline_method.py) 

	 - Target setting: [Setting](sequoia/settings/base/setting.py)

	Versatile Baseline method which targets all settings.

	Uses pytorch-lightning's Trainer for training and LightningModule as model. 

	Uses a [BaselineModel](methods/models/baseline_model/baseline_model.py), which
	can be used for:
	- Self-Supervised training with modular auxiliary tasks;
	- Semi-Supervised training on partially labeled batches;
	- Multi-Head prediction (e.g. in task-incremental scenario);

- ## [RandomBaselineMethod](sequoia/methods/random_baseline.py) 

	 - Target setting: [Setting](sequoia/settings/base/setting.py)

	Baseline method that gives random predictions for any given setting.

	This method doesn't have a model or any parameters. It just returns a random
	action for every observation.

- ## [EWC](sequoia/methods/ewc_method.py) 

	 - Target setting: [IncrementalSetting](sequoia/settings/assumptions/incremental.py)

	Minimal example of a Method targetting the Class-Incremental CL setting.

	For a quick intro to dataclasses, see examples/dataclasses_example.py    

- ## [DQNMethod](sequoia/methods/stable_baselines3_methods/dqn.py) 

	 - Target setting: [ContinualRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/continual_rl_setting.py)

	Method that uses a DQN model from the stable-baselines3 package. 

- ## [A2CMethod](sequoia/methods/stable_baselines3_methods/a2c.py) 

	 - Target setting: [ContinualRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/continual_rl_setting.py)

	Method that uses the DDPG model from stable-baselines3. 

- ## [DDPGMethod](sequoia/methods/stable_baselines3_methods/ddpg.py) 

	 - Target setting: [ContinualRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/continual_rl_setting.py)

	Method that uses the DDPG model from stable-baselines3. 

- ## [TD3Method](sequoia/methods/stable_baselines3_methods/td3.py) 

	 - Target setting: [ContinualRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/continual_rl_setting.py)

	Method that uses the TD3 model from stable-baselines3. 

- ## [SACMethod](sequoia/methods/stable_baselines3_methods/sac.py) 

	 - Target setting: [ContinualRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/continual_rl_setting.py)

	Method that uses the SAC model from stable-baselines3. 

- ## [PPOMethod](sequoia/methods/stable_baselines3_methods/ppo.py) 

	 - Target setting: [ContinualRLSetting](sequoia/settings/active/continual/continual_rl_setting.py)

	Method that uses the PPO model from stable-baselines3. 

- ## [ExperienceReplayMethod](sequoia/methods/experience_replay.py) 

	 - Target setting: [ClassIncrementalSetting](sequoia/settings/passive/cl/class_incremental_setting.py)

	Simple method that uses a replay buffer to reduce forgetting.
