examples/README.md, before:

# Examples

Here's a brief description of the examples in this folder:

## Prerequisites:
- [Intro to dataclasses & simple-parsing](prerequisites/dataclasses_example.py)
- [Basics of openai gym](https://github.com/openai/gym#basics)


## Basic examples:

- [quick_demo.ipynb](basic/quick_demo.ipynb):
    **Recommended entry-point for new users**. Simple demo showing how to create a `Method`
    from scratch that targets a Supervised CL `Setting`, as well as how to
    improve this simple Method using a simple regularization loss.

    - [quick_demo.py](basic/quick_demo.py): First part of the above
        notebook: shows how to create a Method from scratch that
        targets a Supervised CL Setting.
    - [quick_demo_ewc.py](basic/quick_demo_ewc.py): Second part of the
        above notebook: shows how to improve upon an existing Method by adding a
        CL regularization loss.

- [baseline_demo.py](basic/baseline_demo.py): Shows how the
    BaselineMethod can be applied to get results in both RL and SL Settings.


## Advanced examples:

- [RL_and_SL_demo.py](advanced/RL_and_SL_demo.py):
    
    Example that shows how the BaselineMethod can easily be extended by adding
    AuxiliaryTasks to it, allows you to get results in both RL and SL.

- [continual_rl_demo.py](advanced/ewc_in_rl.py):
    
    Demonstrates how to create Reinforcement Learning (RL) Settings, as well as
    how methods from [stable-baselines3](https://github.com/DLR-RM/stable-baselines3)
    can be applied to these settings.


- [Extending Stable-Baselines3 (RL Settings only)](advanced/ewc_in_rl.py):

    (Not recommended for new users!)
    Very specific example which shows how, if you really wanted to, you could
    extend one or more of the Methods from SB3 with some kind of regularization
    loss hooking into the internal optimization loop of SB3.

Commit message:

Add example submissions to examples folder  (#144)
* Fix bug with task schedule and nb_tasks in RL

Signed-off-by: Fabrice Normandin <fabrice.normandin@gmail.com>

* Fix bugs with SB3 Methods on RL track

Signed-off-by: Fabrice Normandin <fabrice.normandin@gmail.com>

* Add SL examples, with tests on SL track

Signed-off-by: Fabrice Normandin <fabrice.normandin@gmail.com>

* run example tests by default

Signed-off-by: Fabrice Normandin <fabrice.normandin@gmail.com>

* Add the 'regularized classifier' example, RL track

Signed-off-by: Fabrice Normandin <fabrice.normandin@gmail.com>

* Add tests & more detailed description in README

Signed-off-by: Fabrice Normandin <fabrice.normandin@gmail.com>

* Remove duplicated '--slow' argument in conftest

Signed-off-by: Fabrice Normandin <fabrice.normandin@gmail.com>

examples/README.md, after:

# Examples

Here's a brief description of the examples in this folder:

## Prerequisites:
- [Intro to dataclasses & simple-parsing](prerequisites/dataclasses_example.py)
- [Basics of openai gym](https://github.com/openai/gym#basics)


## Basic examples:

- [quick_demo.ipynb](basic/quick_demo.ipynb):
    **Recommended entry-point for new users**. Simple demo showing how to create a `Method`
    from scratch that targets a Supervised CL `Setting`, as well as how to
    improve this simple Method using a simple regularization loss.

    - [quick_demo.py](basic/quick_demo.py): First part of the above
        notebook: shows how to create a Method from scratch that
        targets a Supervised CL Setting.
    - [quick_demo_ewc.py](basic/quick_demo_ewc.py): Second part of the
        above notebook: shows how to improve upon an existing Method by adding a
        CL regularization loss.

- [baseline_demo.py](basic/baseline_demo.py): Shows how the
    BaselineMethod can be applied to get results in both RL and SL Settings.


## CLVision Workshop Submission Examples:

Examples in this folder are aimed at solving the supervised learning track of the competition.

Each example builds on top of the previous, in a manner that improves the overall performance you can expect on any given CL setting.

As such, it is recommended that you take a look at the examples in the following order:

0. [DummyMethod](clcomp21/dummy_method.py)
    Non-parametric method that simply returns a random prediction for each observation.

1. [Simple Classifier](clcomp21/classifier.py):
    Standard neural net classifier without any CL-related mechanism. Works in the SL track, but has very poor performance.

2. [Multi-Head / Task Inference Classifier](clcomp21/multihead_classifier.py):
    Performs multi-head prediction, and a simple form of task inference. Gets better results that the example.

3. [CL Regularized Classifier](clcomp21/regularization_example.py):
    Adds a simple CL regularization loss to the multihead classifier above.


## Advanced examples:

- [RL_and_SL_demo.py](advanced/RL_and_SL_demo.py):
    
    Example that shows how the BaselineMethod can easily be extended by adding
    AuxiliaryTasks to it, allows you to get results in both RL and SL.

- [continual_rl_demo.py](advanced/ewc_in_rl.py):
    
    Demonstrates how to create Reinforcement Learning (RL) Settings, as well as
    how methods from [stable-baselines3](https://github.com/DLR-RM/stable-baselines3)
    can be applied to these settings.


- [Extending Stable-Baselines3 (RL Settings only)](advanced/ewc_in_rl.py):

    (Not recommended for new users!)
    Very specific example which shows how, if you really wanted to, you could
    extend one or more of the Methods from SB3 with some kind of regularization
    loss hooking into the internal optimization loop of SB3.
